This is a completely fair and balanced mod that makes the game even more "fun" than usual.

Current features include:
 1. Drinking a potion gives you nausea. Drinking another potion during this cooldown inflicts a random debuff. Clear it by healing at the nurse.
 2. Lava is even more deadly.
 3. Certain blocks inflict debuffs while stood on.
 4. Vanilla boss changes:
  4.1. King slime is faster, teleports faster, and shoots projectiles
  4.2. Eye of cthulhu shoots a few projectiles and is invincible during phase transitions.
  4.3. Eater of worlds shoots vile spit when hurt, and shoots cursed flames and a damaging corruption-spreading flamethrower.
  4.4. Brain of cthulhu shoots a damaging, crimson spreading flamethrower, has a ring of invincible creepers, and shoots an ichor shotgun in phase two. Creepers drop damaging blood orbs when killed.
  4.5. Queen bee is a US trained sniper.
 5. Your starting shortsword and pickaxe are removed.
 6. Hellstone not only drops lava when hit.
 7. A new resource to manage: Hunger!
 8. In order to make the game realistic and immersive, your breath meter is now shorter.
 9. Boulders are out for blood!
 10. Nurse is just a bit weaker.
 11. Entering water while electrified does much more damage.
 12. Entering lava while on fire does much more damage.
 13. While CCed (crowd controlled, ie frozen, stoned, webbed...), you take DoT.
 14. You can't use health potions while under mana sickness, because mages are glass cannons after all.
 15. In space, no one can hear you scream.
 16. Getting hit 13 times during a boss fight instantly kills you.
 17. Dust damages you. This can be stopped with a diving helmet or stronger.
 18. Drinking a healing potion gives you six seconds of mana sickness.
 19. The screen gets darker as you move lower down.
 20. Getting hit has a chance to shake the screen for an extended period of time. (may cause motion sickness, be warned)
 21. Expert mode is enabled if not already.
 22. Bees have ascended to godhood.
 23. Potions may give you more than you bargained for.
 24. Enemy health bars are invisible

If you want to contact me about the mod or suggest new features, I can be found on the tModLoader discord under the username pbone.

Version history:
 0.1.3:
    - Icon and github integration

  0.1.2:
    - Publish test

  0.1.1:
    - Added changes 17 through 21
    - Some bug fixes
    - Most bosses where added to, new eye of cthulhu and king slime effects

  0.1:
    - Added changes 1 through 16
